feat: Spot product segregated commitments (#1589)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0080-SPOT-product_builtin_spot.md

## 1. Product parameters

1. `base_asset (Asset)`: this is used to specify the asset to be purchased or sold on the market.
1. `quote_asset (Asset)`: this is used to specify the asset which can be exchanged for the base asset.

## 2. Liquidity Monitoring parameters

1. `time_window`: length of rolling window (in seconds) over which the maximum `total_stake` is measured.
1. `target_stake_factor`: fraction of `total_stake` to be selected as the `target_stake`.

## 3. Market parameters

> 1. `market_decimal_places` should be used to specify the number of decimal places of the `quote_asset` when specifying order price. Future specs could rename `market_decimal_places` to something more general, e.g. `price_decimal_places`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `market_decimal_places` should be used to specify the number of decimal places of the `quote_asset` when specifying order price. 
Cash settled futures spec could rename `market_decimal_places` to something more general, e.g. `quote_decimal_places`.
```
